Yes, I see.
Somebody asked if they can use AI to
spell check, but to check your grammar.
But you shouldn't really need to use AI
to check your grammar.
You can use Grammarly so I'm not sure if
you have any of you have heard of
Grammarly. I'm sure you have.
I've put it there in the chat.
That is a very useful tool to help you,
you can.
Load it onto your computer.
Or can even be part of your browser and
it can help you to check your spelling
and your grammar.
Again, just to be very careful of AI,
I'm not going to go over that again.
We discussed it last time.
So if you are not sure about that,
just go back and listen to the lesson
from last week.
I don't want to go over things that we've
gone over before because I know that you
need to actually be working on the
assignments so you don't want to be
sitting here hearing things you've heard
before.
Again,
I'm just going to say please read the
announcements.
Please read the instructions.
I'm still getting questions about
introductions, conclusions, cover pages,
contents pages,
how to reference the study guide.
I've put all this information in the
announcements.
It's in the instructions,
so all of these questions that I'm
getting over and over and over and over
the information is there for you and it's
making me a bit concerned.
That you're not actually reading through
the information that is provided for you,
so please make sure you're doing that so
before you are,
I'm very happy to answer questions like
I've said before, very,
very happy to help you where you need
help. But before you ask a quest.
Go look through the materials on the site.
Look at the instructions of the
assignment and make sure that those
questions aren't already answered for you.
Because it takes a lot of time for me to
reply to 100 people asking if you need a
contents page when there is an
announcement about a contents page or
asking if there should be an introduction
and conclusion when it is very clearly
stated in the inst.
OK.
So again,
don't be afraid to ask me anything.
But always just try and see if that
information is already out there.
OK.
So I see again some mixed reactions about
the assignment.
Some people said it's going OK.
Some people saying it seems to think it
seems to be fine here.
But I.
A bit stressful,
especially the word count.
I know 300 words is not a lot.
But just try to stick to it as much as
possible.
I know it says say that if you're over
the word count.
It might not be marked.
We definitely will mark it. Don't worry,
you're not going to get zero for going
over the word count.
But we might reduce some of the marks.
If you have gone way over the word count,
OK, and you know,
Hey.
sometimes we see things like it'll say,
for example,
Aye.
if for your next assignment where it's
1000 word, essay or whatever it is.
Play.
Yes.
Some people will submit 10 pages.
And very often it's because they've
submitted.
An entirely plagiarized article or
something like that.
But if you go way over the word count.
I know it's difficult when you're excited
about it, but you're enjoying it,
thinking about the topic,
or you have a lot of ideas.
Bye bye.
It can be difficult to stick to the word
count and let me tell you I am a person
who writes a lot.
I'm a very wordy person.
You might have even noticed when I'm
talking I, especially in my writing,
that I'm I used a lot of words.
So.
I understand how difficult it is to have
to condense your writing.
It's something that I still have to work
on even after being in academics for.
Setting.
Many, many, many years.
So it will take time for you to get used
to that as well.
I see somebody said 303 words.
Oh, I wonder why it's echoing.
Yeah. Does anyone have their marks on?
OK.
I've muted everybody.
Can you hear me now?
OK. Am I OK now?
OK.
So somebody must have had the mark on.
So yeah,
just please make sure that you turn your
marks off.
I've muted everybody for now.
It's just difficult for me to keep an eye
on the chat,
on the microphones and all of that.
So everybody,
please just be careful of that.
OK.
So yeah, I was saying I rights a lot.
So it's I know how difficult it is to try
and condense your writing.
And then I see somebody said 303 words.
Steps absolutely perfect.
I promise you were not gonna be counting
an extra 3 words and penalizing you for
that. 367 is also still OK.
You know again.
300 words is so usually when you get a
word count you need to be within the area
of that word count.
So you can't submit something that's 200
words and you can't submit something.
That's 400 words, because that's much.
Too little and too much if it's around
sort of three 5360 ISH 367 is fine.
You know you're OK again.
Also, if you're like 200 and 72180 words,
you're OK if the word count is 300,
so we don't expect you to sit there and
work out exactly 300 words.
That is.
That is the range you need.
Need to be in OK.
656 years.
That's way over.
Lassander,
the university policy is 21 working days
for your marks.
So that is what we aim to work on.
Remember for this module there are four
of us who do marking.
So some marking might be done.
A bit quicker,
so I might you know some some of us might
get on a bit more quickly than other
people depending on what our marking load
is at the time because you are not out,
you know this is not our only module for
all of us we.
All have other modules as well,
so we work.
We try our work on 21 working days to get
your marks back to you. So if.
You don't get your marks after three
weeks.
Then let us know.
That you haven't received them.
If it's within three weeks.
OK.
I just said that some of,
but I think you might have been typing
that while I was talking.
Some might get your marks a bit earlier
than others.
So what I'm saying is,
if you haven't got your marks after three
weeks,
then let me know if your friend has got
their Marks and you haven't got yours,
then don't panic.
If it's within that time frame,
you might have just had a different
marker or.
Mark,
Mark this week and then mark some next
week, whatever it is, OK, so.
Please don't panic.
And we will only start marking from next
week. Even though you submit tomorrow.
But then there's a process where I have
to allocate marking to markers so that
takes a little bit of time as well.
OK,
so I think let's get into the important
stuff for today. Obviously,
if you have questions as we go along,
please post them in the chat.
I see some of you are assisting me.
Thank you very much.
About answering your your peers in the
module and also thank you on the WhatsApp
group, there was a lot of chat last night,
so I've not gone through all of that.
But thank you to all of you who are
engaging on the WhatsApp group and
helping each other.
It's very encouraging to see you helping
the other people in the module and
working together and building a little
community.
Of you know,
with your peers in the module.
OK.
So today we are only looking at question
three of the assignment question one and
two we covered last week.
So if you haven't watched last week's
session, please go do so.
I saw,
I think on the WhatsApp that somebody
said they weren't quite sure how to
answer question one,
and I'm perhaps that's because they
didn't watch last week's recording yet or
didn't attend last week.
So if you are,
if you haven't watched last week's
recording, please go do so.
And then today we're just going to look
at question 3OK.
So we're going to look at question three
and then you can ask any of your
questions.
So Question 3 asks.
Why did Plato think that virtue depends
on knowledge?
Do you agree with this view and explain
your answer?
So remember, like I said last week,
whenever you have a question,
the first thing you want to do is look at
what the question is asking you.
Very carefully.
So you want to break it down?
So here we know we're talking about Plato.
We're talking about virtue and knowledge.
And then it goes beyond asking you to
simply explain.
Plato's ideas around knowledge and virtue,
and asks you if you agree or disagree
with what platea thanks.
And in doing so you need to explain your
answer so you can't just say yes.
I agree.
Or no, I don't agree.
And leave it at that.
You need to explain your answer.
More fully.
And so I'm just closing something quickly.
OK,
so always again we spoke about this last
week,
but always when you start your
assignments or even when you get your
exams or anything like that,
the first thing you must always do before
you start answering is breakdown the
question and try and think about exactly
what.
It is asking you and how it's asking you
to do that.
So instruction words would for example be
that it tells you 300 words.
Is your word count.
So always look at that.
Sorry, I see somebody said.
How did it stop recording? Thank you.
It says it's recording.
Is it showing that it's recording on
anybody else's?
Because I mine is showing the little
recording thing.
OK, alright. Yeah. On my side,
it looks like it's recording.
Ish. Ramu lephie.
Do you have a question you can turn on
your mic?
Esra Molefi a question.
Your hand is up, OK?
All right. OK.
Thank you for letting me know.
In any case, yeah. Obviously,
if you do notice anything weird,
just let me know.
OK.
So to answer this question again,
it's tricky because it's 300 words and
you could write a lot about Plato.
So you're going to need to focus on the
most important information.
And for that reason,
we won't go into a lot of detail.
About Plato's theory of the forms,
we need to touch on it,
because you need to explain that in order
to get to your answer.
But for today's purposes,
we're not going to go into the very
intricate information about the his idea
of the form we're going to look at it
briefly because you only need.
To you will only be able to discuss the
theory of the forms briefly in your
answer. OK,
so in order to answer this question,
you're going to need to explain Plato's
theory of the forms.
In order to show why he thinks that the
form of the good is the highest of the
forms, and in so doing,
that will help you to explain why.
He thinks that virtue depends on
knowledge.
OK.
So we've got kind of got three things
that you need to do before you Give your
opinion.
You need to give a brief idea of what the
theory of the forms is.
Show what?
Show why,
he says the form of the good is or
explain that he thinks that the form of
the good is the most important form.
See, people are not muted again.
Why he thinks that?
The form of the good is the highest of
all forms.
And then how the pursuit of the form of
the good?
Is related to virtue or how? That depends.
Virtue depends on working towards that
knowledge.
OK.
All right.
So there is a lot going on on my screen
here.
Please,
if you're not asking about questions
about.
The actual.
Admin about the actual presentation,
can you please just save it because there
is a lot going on.
I'm having to let people in.
There's a lot coming up in the chat.
OK.
So if, unless it's important,
please don't post it in the chat.
OK, so I will say this again.
There are three things you need to focus
on.
In order to give an overview of Plato's
theory,
you need to 1st we get to that now.
Don't look at that yet.
Otherwise you'll get distracted.
You need to give a brief overview of
Plato's idea of the forms.
Then you will need to explain.
Why?
Or you will need to explain that Plato
thinks the form of the good is the
highest form.
And then you will need to show how this
relates to virtue.
So you will need to show that the pursuit
of knowledge.
Is dependent.
Sorry, I'm so distracted by these chats.
Let me just close it for now.
You will need to explain.
That virtue depends on the pursuit of
knowledge of the form of the good.
We're going to look at all of this, OK,
when you Give your opinion, yes,
you need to back up.
Why you have that opinion, OK?
So you need to say why do you agree with
this or not?
You can think about objections that are
raised against.
Plato's theory.
If you agree with it,
why do you agree with it?
Look for some kind of information to back
up your opinion.
OK.
So let's begin. The world of the forms,
according to Plato.
So let's look at.
This is a brief overview of his theory of
the forms.
So according to Plato,
so Plato was a realist.
Plato believed that the world that we
experience through our sense perceptions
or through our five senses, is not real.
So we don't have real knowledge.
Of the world around us and we will look
at that a little bit more as we go along
through this lesson.
So he thinks that the things we
experience in this world,
the things we can touch, smells Saints.
Are not real knowledge of those things.
So I can be looking at my desk and say,
OK,
I know what a disk is by looking at it
and Plato would say that's not true.
I don't have real knowledge of a desk
just by being able to touch the desk,
smell the desk if I wanted to in front of
me.
So he says that in fact our sensory
experiences or our senses can hinder the
pursuit of knowledge.
Of true real things.
Because they distract us from using
rational judgment or reason.
So he thinks that to really have
knowledge of something.
It cannot change.
Or be susceptible to decay.
So he says that the world around us
changes.
It decays.
So today we might see a plant and think,
OK, that is what a plant is.
But then tomorrow,
maybe that or in a few days time that
plant is dead.
And so it's changed and it starts to rot
away so.
He will say that we because of that
change in the world around us.
What we perceive,
what we experience in the world through
our senses and through our perceptions,
is not true.
Knowledge of the things around us.
It's not true knowledge.
So he thinks that to have knowledge of
something to have true or real knowledge
of something, it needs to be unchanging,
absolute and universal.
So he says that what we know must be true
and all of what we know has to be true.
And it always has to remain true,
despite change and deceptive appearances.
So he associates knowledge with truth.
So if something is true,
then we can know it.
Hey I I.
So he says that we can't have knowledge
and it can't be true.
Have a pen?
That what we experience is the true real
knowledge because of change and because
Hello.
of deceptive appearances,
because of the subjectivity.
Of our experiences, OK.
So if you think about if.
I see the color red and you see the color
red.
The color red that we both see is not
necessarily the same when we see it.
OK so.
So let me give you a different example.
If I eat a piece of chocolate and think
that it's delicious,
All right.
you might eat that piece of chocolate
from that same slab and you don't like it.
Yes, Sir.
So maybe it's dark chocolate and you
don't like dark chocolate.
So some of these things that we consider
to be knowledge. So I might say,
I know that dark chocolate.
Is delicious.
I am so sorry. No understand.
But to you,
because of our subjective experiences,
you would say no,
you don't know that dark chocolate is
delicious because you don't like dark
chocolate.
OK so.
So because of the subjectivity,
because of different experiences,
because there's this change and this
decay and this deceptive appearances.
That is why Plato says that the things
that we experience are not true knowledge.
So he argues.
Or he argued that there is a world or a
realm in which stable, perfect,
unchanging.
Universal objects exist and these.
Are behind the changing object objects of
our scene's experience,
so we're going to look at that a bit more
now.
So he says that there's this realm that
exists beyond the human.
But he says the recording has stopped
again.
Umm.
OK.
I'm not sure.
Why it says that?
Because it's still showing on mine that
it's recording.
I'm sorry,
I don't know what's going on today and
I'm getting very distracted by the chat
again.
Can you just give me a thumbs up?
If you can see it's recording?
OK, OK.
All right.
Still recording on your side, OK.
Sorry everyone,
I just wanted to stop recording and then
people miss out. OK, so.
He says this this world of experiences is
not true knowledge.
True knowledge exists in this realm that
is beyond the human experience and beyond,
beyond the human mind.
And this is the world of the forms,
or the realm of the forms.
And in this realm of the forms there are.
These perfect,
unchanging universal objects or things
that exist.
And those what we see in the world are
simply.
Reflections or.
Instances of those forms OK.
So this is maybe a bit confusing,
but we're going to look at the forms and
then we will we'll look at it a bit more.
So he says that philosophers in
particular need to engage in the pursuit
of this knowledge.
He says everybody should work towards.
Towards attaining knowledge of the forms,
however,
he doesn't believe that everybody can
work towards knowledge of the forms
because.
He he doesn't think that everybody is
capable of that, OK.
So he says that not everyone is able to.
Really engage in the pursuit of knowledge.
Of real knowledge.
Because it's some people are distracted
by the Saints experiences.
Some people don't use their reason and
their rational mind enough to work
towards that pursuit of knowledge.
Some people are scared of the pursuits of
knowledge.
So he thinks that it's only philosophers
or people with philosophical minds that
can truly engage in trying to attain
knowledge.
But that we should all work towards it in
any case.
So.
The.
Forms.
So like I said,
the forms exist in this realm that Plato
believes is independent of our experience
and it's independent of our mind.
So he says the forms have an objective
existence.
So the the forms don't depend on our
minds or on our experiences.
He believes they exist.
On their own,
as separate from our experiences and
separate from our mind.
However.
They are not ideas or concepts and This
is why he says they're separate from
almat because if he said if if they were
part of our minds,
then they are ideas or concepts that are
developed by our minds.
But he says they exist independently of
the human mind,
though they don't come from the human
mind. They already exist in this realm.
Beyond the mind.
Beyond the world we experience beyond.
Our minds,
so they are separate from us as humans.
They exist.
They're independently on their own.
But it is only through the mind and
through using rationality and reason,
that we can pursue knowledge of what is
real.
And this is what Plato is called a
realist.
Because he believed that we had to use
reason and rationality and the mind in
order to discover what is real.
You might have seen already that for
Plato.
Sorry for Aristotle.
For example he believed in.
He believed that we learned through our
Saints experiences.
So Aristotle believed that we needed to
experience things in order to develop
knowledge of them.
But for Plato.
Our sense experiences don't give us real
knowledge.
As I've said,
it's our mind working in pursuit of
knowledge.
And using reason in order to try and
pursue knowledge that we can try and gain
real knowledge of the forms that exist
independent from us.
So knowledge can only be accessed through
reason.
So in order to understand that though,
we need to understand that for Plato,
he was a dualist.
So he believed that there was a soul that
was separate from the the body.
So he believed that humans had a body and
a brain, but then,
separate from that was a soul that exists
independently of and is superior to the
material body.
Oh, I see.
I made a.
Sorry, I see I made a little tarpa there.
Superior to material, the body I wrote.
I'll fix it.
The soul is independent of and superior
to the material body.
So he and some of you might have this
belief as well.
I mean,
this is quite a a common belief that
people believe that you have a soul,
that that lives on after.
Your material body dies, for example.
So that's kind of the idea that Plato had
that we had this body that could
experience things,
but then beyond that we had a soul.
And he thought that the soul belongs to
the world or the realm of the forms.
So he said that sometimes when we might
die and our soul might return to the
world of the forms.
And that's why when.
We are born and as we go through our
lives,
we are able to work towards knowledge of
the forms,
because our soul already has some
knowledge,
some understanding of the forms.
So it recollects.
So he's got the idea of recollection.
The soul has already this kind of
knowledge, some knowledge of the forms.
And that is how we can have an idea that
the forms exist and how we can work
towards the knowledge of the forms.
But he says that when our soul comes back
from the world of the forms that
corrupted by our senses.
Experiences.
So it forgets what the forms are exactly.
So it doesn't have full knowledge of the
form of full recollection of the forms.
It has an imperfect or a diminished
recollection of the forms,
and that's why then we have to work
towards attaining the knowledge of the
forms again.
But he says again that this is only
possible because we have a soul.
That is independent of our material
bodies and he believes that the soul is
superior to the material body.
He places more emphasis on the importance
of the soul and the mind. As you can see,
than he does on a physical world and a
physical bodies.
OK.
So the forms are these objects,
these things that exist independently in
the realm of the world of the forms.
And they are universal. So.
He says that they have.
They are a general term that applies to a
property that is common to many objects.
So I'll give you an example now.
So in order to know what something is
like,
we further we need to have knowledge of
the universals that are independent of
all prior to our sense perceptions of
that thing.
OK, I'm going to give you an example.
Then you can think about this again.
The particulars, however,
are what we experience.
So the universals are in the world of the
forms.
The particulars are the things that we.
Experience or perceive?
In our material world.
So these are specific instances of things
and it is not true knowledge because it
is imperfect and impermanent.
So let me give you an example.
We're walking along the road and we see a
dock. OK,
so we can sense particular things about
that dog that makes us believe that it is
a dog.
We can feel their fur.
We maybe we hear them bark if we put our
face close to these,
we can smell their breath.
We think about that.
They have we. Well,
we can see that they have 4 legs.
They have a tail, they have ears.
So when we put that information together
based on what we know about dogs,
we believe that they.
That that is a dog.
OK.
So we have these idea.
We already have this idea of universal
properties.
Of a doc. OK,
so we might say to ourselves,
a dog has fur.
A dog can bark. A dog has four legs.
A dog has ears.
A dog has a tail,
so we have these general terms.
That say that dogs have food, OK,
and then we think it.
Then there would be a form of dog.
And the dogs that we see that we can
sense.
Are.
Instances.
Of the universals that would apply to the
term doc, OK.
But now remember,
he says that this isn't we don't have
true knowledge of dogness because.
This dog is imperfect and impermanent.
It can change.
So over time,
maybe we keep seeing that dog and they're
changing all the time.
Their fur changes colour.
Maybe they have an accident and they lose
a leg.
Their breast might become smellier as
they get older.
Or.
We might see another dog now.
We still think that's a dog because it's
got legs.
It's got a tail, it's got ears,
it's got fur.
It conforms to our beliefs about a dog,
but it's got a it's got different kind of
food to the first dog.
They're a different size to the first dog.
Their bark sounds different,
so we can't then say that we have
knowledge of dogs.
As a form,
because the things that we are perceiving
and experiencing are changing,
they're different.
So there is imperfect.
Let's say examples or instances of the
form of the dog.
But we believe they are dogs,
so that is why Plato says that the things
we can perceive, our beliefs or opinions,
they're not true knowledge.
So we are taking the information that we
have.
And applying it to these particular
instances or examples and forming beliefs
or opinions about those things.
But we would need to have.
We need to work towards that true
knowledge of the form of the dog, which.
Which would be the perfect,
unchanging universal dog.
In order to have true knowledge of dog or
of dogness as he might say it.
So we only have an idea of what a dog is.
Not exactly what not true knowledge of
what a dog is.
OK.
So I hope that's making some sense for
you.
So just remember the forms are universal.
And they are forms that correlate to
basically everything.
So.
We might say this, the form of a dog.
This the form of a cat.
There's the form of the table.
There's the form of a box.
There's the form of also things that we
that are not physical but that we can
perceive.
So things like form of justice,
form of beauty.
So we might say that we'll look at an
example now actually of that.
And in the particulars. Sorry,
are the things that we experience,
the examples or instances?
When we when we say that we have a belief
or an opinion or an idea that something.
Is what we think it is because of the
characteristics.
Of the particular attributes that that
thing has.
So again,
I might say something like the example
that's given in the study guide.
You can look at something and say OK.
It's square, it's brown.
You could put things inside of it.
It's got a lid. Sorry.
So then we might say, OK.
Because of those characteristics and
those attributes or those properties of
that thing we're looking at,
we can say it's a box, but they're not.
All boxes are brown.
Maybe not all boxes are square,
so we don't have true knowledge of a box
of box because.
We are seeing examples that are changing
and different.
They have these particular attributes or
characteristics that we think of as a box.
But they're not that perfect. Universal,
unchanging form of box. OK.
So let's look here at this diagram which
I have borrowed from the source at the
bottom.
And so this gives you a very basic sort
of breakdown of.
The Plato's ideas of forms and the
physical realm.
You, you'll see.
If you go and look on Google,
if you Google it,
you'll see there's more complex versions
of this.
But again,
I don't want to go too in depth into this.
We can come back to it because I just
want you to be able to get question three
done.
So that you can.
Your brain hurts, don't worry.
I'm sure a lot of people's brains are but
fried right now.
Alejandra,
do you have a question before I continue?
Yes, ma'am. I just.
Somebody's mark is on hold on.
Wanted to ask in a way where.
Leanne,
I'm just going to mute you and you can
unmute yourself again.
OK,
you can unmute yourself again and ask a
question.
OK.
So what?
Oh wait.
Oh, I think sorry. Sorry.
My sound was off. Sorry.
So I kind of.
OK.
So basically what Plato was saying,
I'm just trying to see if I understand
this.
So basically what Plato is saying is that.
OK.
Nothing is true or real because it can
take many different forms,
so there isn't 1U criteria of something,
and because there isn't their fault can't
be real.
Yes, basically.
So he's saying that the things that we
experience, remember,
we don't all experience things the same.
Not everything that we experience.
Will conform 100% to our idea of. Again,
let's say with the dog.
We might say that dogs have four legs,
but maybe we come across a dog that has
three legs or two legs or whatever it is.
So because those things.
Because the things we experience are.
Not identical all the time they're
changing.
They they are not true.
They're not true knowledge of those
things because.
They are not always the same.
They're not eternal,
they're not universal.
OK,
so you seem to be on the right track
there though.
OK.
Thank you.
All right, so let's look here.
We see.
We see at the very top is the form of
beauty.
OK.
So this so if if it helps you to think of
it, I do sometimes as well.
So I sometimes think of the world of the
forms as out there in the clouds.
Like you can see it here in this image,
this picture.
The form of beauty is out there beyond
our world, OK?
It's beyond our mind.
It's beyond our physical world.
It exists in a realm in a world beyond us.
And that is the form of beauty.
So that is the perfect, unchanging,
eternal.
Universal form of beauty.
Then we get this.
Then we get in the next realm is the
concept of beauty.
And now for Plato.
These are the higher realms because
remember he puts reason and rationality
above the material world.
So in our minds we can think of the idea
or the concept of beauty.
So you might think to yourself about what?
In your mind, constitutes beauty.
But for Plato,
that is not the true form of beauty,
because we have different ideas about
what is beautiful.
We there are different properties or
characteristics that we might have about
beauty.
OK.
Then we have individual beautiful
entities.
So here we can see this is a bit
misogynistic, but we've got a woman.
We've got a Vaz, we've got nature.
We've got flowers,
so these are individual entities.
Examples.
Individual things that we can experience
as beautiful, OK.
And now these are things that we might
consider real.
But according to Plato, they are not real.
OK.
These are instances of things that.
Have attributes of the form of beauty.
But are not beauty itself KK.
Then below that is imitations of
beautiful entities.
So again, in your answer,
don't go into too much detail about this,
but I just want this.
I think often gives students a better
understanding of it.
So he says that we have actual physical
examples or instances of beautiful things.
But then beyond that,
we get imitations of them,
which might be photos.
Reflection, shadows, paintings, etc. OK.
So we have these different levels of,
let's say realness,
and but the only true real thing is the
actual form of beauty.
I think you'd pronounce it Joaquim.
Is that correct?
I see your hand is up.
Please correct my pronunciation.
Looks like to talking,
but I can't hear you.
Is it just me? OK.
Oh, OK.
OK.
OK, then yeah, OK.
Perfect. Alright.
OK.
So let me again give you an example if
that will help you.
So you might let's think of a sunset,
we might say, oh,
that's a beautiful sunset. So now.
We're we are applying.
Um,
what we consider attributes or
characteristics of beauty to our
experience of the sun.
It so I look at the sunset.
I say wow, that is a beautiful sunset.
We're looking at particular aspects of it
that conform to our ideas of beauty,
so I might think it's beautiful because
it's bright.
There's so many different colors.
It's orange and yellow and red,
so it's really colorful.
So because of these things.
That I think are what makes something.
Beautiful. Well,
that I think makes sunsets beautiful.
I think that's a beautiful sunset,
but then night closes in.
It gets later and later as time goes on.
As the night progresses,
the colors start to fade away.
There's no more Reds in the sunset.
It's now just becoming like a dull yellow,
and maybe I don't really like yellow so
much.
The sky becomes dark.
And we start to lose those things.
That we think make the sunset beautiful,
or that I think,
make the sunset beautiful.
So the characteristics or attributes that
I associated with it as beautiful have
changed or disappeared.
So I cannot say that it is true.
It's a true reflection of beauty,
or that I know beauty because that sunset
no longer exists.
It's gone away.
And also.
Because those are only my experiences of
beauty.
Maybe you don't like sunset.
Maybe you have astigmatism or an eye
condition that makes you hated when it's
bright outside, so you don't like sunsets.
So our perceptions of what is beautiful
might be different, but also again,
remember Plato says that if things are,
if they change or they decay,
or they fade, they cannot.
Be the real knowledge of that thing.
Because of those changes and decay.
OK, Joaquim, I see your hand is back up.
OK. Again, it looks like you're talking,
but I can't hear you.
OK. All right.
A Mac issue. Uh. Technology. OK,
you can ask.
Yeah,
you can put your question in the chat and
I will come back to the questions.
It's just and I see there's quite a lot
of ideas going on,
so I'll come back to them.
They just just can't have the chat open,
otherwise I'm getting distracted.
Luyanda, do you have another question?
Or is it a?
Yeah.
Yes.
So would you have an example of what
Plato thought was true knowledge?
Well, so for Plato,
true knowledge is working towards knowing
Of something.
the form of that thing.
And now this is where it's tricky because
he doesn't really tell us what
constitutes that thing.
So if he says that there's dogness,
we don't know exactly what constitutes
the form of the dog.
He says he kind of just expects that we
would.
That this dogness exists.
That could it be applied to all dogs and
that.
He says that.
Particulars he puts it as particulars.
Participate in the form.
So if something is beautiful,
then the those particular instances
participate in the form of beauty.
But he never really specifies what
exactly.
Exactly, beauty. What exactly?
The form of beauty would be he just says
that we have these forms.
Our soul knows our soul is up there with
those forms.
We can work towards knowledge of the
forms,
but we he doesn't really give us an idea
of what exactly.
Those forms are he just says that there's
a form that relates to everything.
But.
It is a bit tricky,
so this is kind of one of the one of the
sort of critiques against Plato.
OK, OK.
OK.
Thank you.
KJ.
OK, so that is a very that's a basic.
Idea of the Plato sort of hierarchy of
knowledge starting with imitations at the
bottom is the like. Very lowest kind of.
Sort of.
I don't want to say knowledge because
it's not a belief or opinion you can have
about something.
Then there's the actual things that exist
but that are not true knowledge.
And we have our concepts which are from
our mind, which he thinks is.
You know more.
It was superior to material world,
but still not great.
And then we have the forms,
the world of the forms. OK.
So.
What so?
Hi, Todd.
It's the analogy of the cable,
the allegory of The Cave,
and he uses this to kind of explain.
The our pursuit of knowledge.
So again,
you don't necessarily have to go into
this in detail in your question or in
your answer,
but just so that you have this idea,
you kind of see what he's talking about.
And let me just tell you,
there are so many videos and articles,
but a lot of videos.
Explaining the allegory of The Cave.
So if you're not getting all the stuff
about the forms, remember,
and the allegory. Remember,
there are many,
many resources available to you,
and the way I explain something might not
be the way that you understand it best.
You might find another.
Person explains it in a way that you
understand better.
In the videos,
obviously there's more motion and there's,
you know,
different kinds of ways of explaining.
So if you're not getting it,
obviously ask me as well if you want to,
but always make sure you also just go
look for other resources.
So many.
Many, many,
many videos about the allegory of The
Cave, so you can go watch those as well.
But basically what?
The allegory of The Cave says.
And again,
this is just going to be a very brief
summary.
Of it is, Plato says,
that we must imagine that there are
people who have been living in a cave,
so they've lived in a cave their whole
life.
So this picture gives you a little bit
idea.
These people have lived in a cave for
their whole life.
You can see there.
Sorry, they've lived in The Cave.
And there is ignore that that there's a
fire behind them.
So these people are here,
they they chained to a wall.
Inside The Cave.
They have this fire behind them.
And then there are people walking.
In between them and the fire.
And they're holding different things.
So they're holding different objects.
And so the prisoners that are sitting
there facing the back of The Cave,
they will see here, which is particulars.
They will see these shadows on the wall.
So these people,
the people who walk past carrying these
things,
maybe other animals actually do come in.
They walk in front of the fire and it
makes these reflections onto the back of
the wall.
But now these prisoners have never been
outside of The Cave.
So when they see these things and they
can't look behind them, they can.
There's only the wall behind them,
so they don't know there are these people
carrying things.
So the reflections that they see on the
wall they think are real.
They think that is real knowledge of the
things that are behind them.
But now when we're looking at this,
we know, oh, OK.
They're only just seeing these
reflections of the objects that are being
carried by the people,
so the fire is illuminating these objects,
causing shadows on the wall of the back
of The Cave.
And that's what the prisoners see.
But because that's all the prisoners have
experienced,
that's all the perception they have of
the world.
They think that those things are real.
So we can see that they only have a
belief or an opinion.
They don't have real knowledge.
So Plato says that in this allegory that
the prisoners managed to get free.
And they realized that they can escape
The Cave, so they climb up.
They try and ascend to knowledge,
so they try to escape The Cave.
They get out of The Cave and they the
world is so bright.
So now they've been stuck in this cave.
Whatever the world is so bright,
it's so loud. Umm,
they're seeing actual animals,
so they're scared and they become
overwhelmed in the world outside of The
Cave.
But this is what he says we should be
doing.
We are.
We should unshackle ourselves from this
cave, which is.
Our material world and our sensory
experiences.
And we should try to ascend out of The
Cave towards the realm.
Of the forms, which is true knowledge.
OK.
But if we're thinking of these prisoners,
they come out of The Cave.
Some of the prisoners find it too
overwhelming.
So they go back into The Cave.
But when they go back into The Cave,
the prisoners that were kept there think
that they are lying because now they've
never experienced anything else.
So they think that these prisoners who
have been out of The Cave and come back
and tell them about their experiences,
they don't believe that they are telling
the truth. But in any case,
let's say one prisoner makes it out of
The Cave.
And he doesn't become he or she.
They don't become too overwhelmed.
Films by being out in the world beyond
The Cave, then they start to see, oh,
there's a there's a tree.
There's an actual horse.
There's an, you know, there's water.
So they realize that those things that
they were seeing in The Cave were only
shadows or reflections of these things
that exist in the world beyond The Cave.
So Plato is using this as a way for us to.
Think about our minds and our experiences
and our and the different levels of
knowledge and truth.
So he says that if we get stuck in our
bodies, in our experiences,
we can be fooled into thinking that the
things that we perceive or experience are
real. However,
once we know once we have this
understanding that what we experience
isn't true.
Through or isn't real knowledge we can
work our way up towards gaining knowledge.
We work our way up by using reason and
rationality,
and we try and ascend towards the realm
of the forms we unburden ourselves.
Of.
Relying on sensory experience,
we start to use our reason and
rationality and prioritise reason and
rationality in order to work towards the
realm of the forms.
And in this realm of the forms,
we can see that the.
Sun is it illuminates everything. OK,
so in the world,
the sun illuminates everything.
The sun,
once the prisoner gets out of The Cave.
The sun illuminates the world now that
he's in so because of the light from the
sun, he's able to experience the trees,
the horse, the water, the grass.
He's able to experience the world and we
will see now that for Plato,
the Sun is an analogy of the form of the
good.
OK.
So try and think of it like that if it
helps you. We're shackled here, he says.
In our material world,
we experience things.
We have these perceptions that fools us
into thinking that these things that we
can experience and perceive our knowledge.
But he says that's not true knowledge.
Those are reflections or particular
objects.
So he says that we need to then use
reason.
And rationality,
we need to try and ascend.
Towards actual knowledge,
which is the realm of the forms.
So we try and come out of The Cave to the
realm of the forms.
We try and free ourselves from being
burdened by only thinking we know through
our sensory experience.
So we go from what he says is illusion to
truth, OK.
So then that brings us to the form of the
good.
So,
like the sun in the allegory of The Cave.
If all illuminates the world and allows
us to see or experience things in the
world,
the form of the good illuminates all
other forms.
So for Plato, the form of the good.
Is the most superior.
It's the highest form of all the forms,
so he says in our pursuit of seeking the
form of the good. That is how we come to.
Attain knowledge of the other forms.
So without the form of the good we cannot
get knowledge of the form of justice,
the form of beauty, the form of.
Anything.
So we need to we need to pursue knowledge
of the form of the good in order to gain
knowledge and truth of other forms of
other things in order to gain knowledge
we have to try and pursue the form of the
good.
So our lives are directed to finding
knowledge of the highest good.
So it's like a light that guides our
souls or our minds.
So like in The Cave,
we're trying to get rid of our shackles.
That chain us to the wall and keep us
confined to The Cave.
Plato thinks that in pursuit of knowledge
of the highest good, we are unshackled.
Or we overcome our mortal or physical
limitations and our imperfect sense
perceptions,
which are our opinions or beliefs or
beliefs.
And we are able to then work towards
knowledge.
So he says that in that pursuit of
working towards knowledge of the good.
We are able to attain knowledge of
justice of all these other things.
And it does explain this in your study
guide.
But we are able to work towards.
That knowledge of these other things,
and it is that pursuit of the good.
That helps us to live a virtuous life.
So to live a virtuous life or to find
virtue.
We must be in pursuit of the knowledge of
the good, and for Plato,
virtue is not just the way we behave.
It's not just our external behaviours,
it's a state of being and it's the state
of being in which you are pursuing the
knowledge of the form of the good. OK,
so he says if we put our efforts.
Into trying to know the form of the good.
We will then live a life that is just and
ethical and we will live in moderation
and those are attributes that help us to
live a virtuous life.
And it is those attributes that help us
to work towards knowledge of the good.
So it's letting go of.
Our appetites which so I don't want to
get into too much, but Plato says.
Our material world or our sense
experiences,
they are tied to our appetite.
So he wants us to let go of these
material experiences or let go of
prioritizing material expenses.
Experiences, not expenses and.
Focus more on rationality.
Reason and that involves moderation.
Thinking about justice,
thinking about ethical living.
Thinking about courage.
So there's various specific attributes
that Plato mentioned,
but using our reason and rationality and
working towards knowledge of the good
allows us to understand or have knowledge
of these other attributes that.
Help us to.
Laugh. OK, luyanda.
So when we answer the question,
are we answering the question from the
Yes.
perspective of the definition of virtue
during the Greek times or the modern day
definition?
'Cause I think I'm getting confused as
well because the way you're explaining it,
you're making it sound like we're
answering based off of the modern day
definition of virtue.
So I'm just trying to think here.
Remember, you need to think about what,
what Plato would consider a good life.
So there's things like moderation,
courage.
Rationality.
So those are things that make a virtuous
life.
Not necessarily.
Things that we might think of as virtue,
as like philanthropy, you know,
helping others, that kind of thing.
So when you're answering,
you need to type into what Plato would
consider a virtuous life, OK.
So in the study guide.
This is something I wanted to mention as
well.
You need to look also at Plato's ideas of
ethics,
which are on pages 82 to around 84,
and that gives you a better idea of
specifically what Plato thinks of
morality, virtue, ethics.
6 and so you need to then think about how
that ties into.
The form of the good and working towards
knowledge of the form of the good.
OK.
So yeah,
so just go look at pages 82 to 84 as well.
And obviously when you're answering
because the question is specifically
about what does Plato,
how could we understand?
Why did virtue depend on knowledge?
You must go look at what Plato's ideas of
morality, ethics, and goodness entail, OK?
Correct.
OK.
Oh, sorry. OK.
So that's what I wanted to cover with you
today again.
I know we're not going into a lot of
detail,
but I also know this can be very
overwhelming.
So some of you have a good underst or
have an understanding of this already.
I know you have questions that are more
specific about the forms,
about ideas of virtue.
So, as Joaquim asked as well.
Well,
but I don't want it to become too complex
at this stage because I know this is very
overwhelming for most people at this
point.
Most students at this point or for a lot
of students at this point.
So if you are.
If you already have an understanding
which I can see that some of you do,
then you are able you you can go look at
making a more complex argument.
But for everybody else right now,
I just have tried to keep it.
Sort of to the basic.
Or fundamental sort of ideas that you
need.
For this question, OK, so.
Yeah, I'm sorry.
We're not getting into more specific
details for those of you who have some
understanding already.
I just know that a lot of people have
sort of struggled with the assignment and
are already feeling a bit overwhelmed and
out of their depth.
So I don't wanna ask.
I don't wanna go into too much detail yet.
I know, I said.
We chat about Parmenides soon,
but again for this for the last two
sessions I only want to focus on the
three questions for your assignment
because it's due tomorrow.
You don't need to discuss Parmenides in
your answers for the questions,
so we are going to keep that we.
Can look at that next week.
We can go back.
To sort of looking at Unit 1 in more
detail and going into that in more detail
then, OK,
so some of the things you might want to
think about or do you think there is a
realm of ideal forms of these?
This realm of perfect,
unchanging universal forms.
Do you think I'm under separate from my
body or do you think we have a soul?
That is separate from our bodies and this
is a very big topic in philosophy.
The idea of dualism, materialism.
So dualism is where you think you've got
a soul that's separate from your body.
Materialism says that your soul.
Is your brain.
That your soul is just.
Well, virtual,
they say that your mind is your soul,
but your mind is just a material.
Aspect as well.
So what do you think?
And we're not gonna get into all of this
now because again,
this was supposed to be a short lesson,
and we almost had an hour and a half.
Do we need to seek knowledge of the good
in order to live virtuously? And here,
what do you think of virtue?
Might not be exactly what Plato thinks of
his virtue.
So go and just check that as well for
yourselves.
So do you agree with the idea of the
forms or not?
Out.
And then think about objections to
Plato's arguments, OK.
So there are some in the study guide,
but obviously you can go and look for
more as well in your own research. OK,
I'm going to quickly look at some of the
chat, see if there's anything,
any answer straight away.
But I see there's a lot of discuss.
So I don't know if I'll go through all of
it.
Sure. OK.
Yeah, there's a lot of chat here.
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder, yes.
OK.
Sounds like you're saying that we can
know what a horse is.
Armchair reflection because there's this
perfect form of a horse that exists that
we can recollect from our time. OK.
It doesn't make sense to you.
Perfectly acceptable if it doesn't make
sense to you.
I'll be honest,
I'm not entirely sold on the idea of.
Plato's ideas either.
If the soul is superior to the material
body,
wouldn't that mean that the things that
the soul knows or experienced is going to
make the material body experience deja vu?
Because, well,
that's kind of what you say.
Almost like a deja vu.
And again,
this is getting into much more specific
complex.
Topics I don't want to go there just yet,
but things about like a priori knowledge
and a posteriori knowledge.
So the idea that we have this knowledge
already imply kind of implanted in US or
available to us when we're born or when
we come to exist.
So yeah, that's it's a.
It becomes a very complex concept and
it's a a very big topic.
In philosophy,
especially philosophy of mind,
like how do we?
How can we have knowledge that is already
exists?
So some philosophers, for example,
believe that we don't have knowledge
exactly, but we have structures.
Into which we can categorize information
that already exists when we are born.
So it becomes very tricky,
but I'm very excited to see a lot of you
thinking about these things already and
sort of coming up with these questions
and coming up with these ideas.
If something happens,
you get a weird feeling.
It's happened before, OK?
OK,
some of these are just replying to others.
My brain hurts, yes.
Lectures. Lectures.
Allison,
is that a question or have you put your
mark on by accident?
Put it on by accident.
OK, something like the world we see here,
smile, etc.
Is the one that isn't real, yes.
OK, we see here, smell etcetera.
Is the one that isn't real because
there's no perfect and unchanging
instance of a particular thing. Yes,
that's it.
Uh.
OK, something about Jaden Smith.
I'm enjoying these comics, but yeah,
I'm not gonna read out them all out loud.
OK.
Some turn to religion.
There's one comment here that philosophy
wasn't in favour of God because it
believes in reason.
There's a whole branch of philosophy
related to philosophy of religion,
and for example, later in this module.
You will deal with some of some
philosophers arguments for the existence
of God.
And some of them,
some of them use ideas around logic.
And reason in order to argue for God.
So philosophy is certainly not dismissive
of religion.
A lot of philosophy actually entails
religion or a belief in God.
So you will get.
You will get to see that a bit later on.
OK.
Proof of the existence of God. Yes,
we will look at Aquinas and and some.
OK.
Yeah, sorry.
I'm just trying to get through these.
Plato was very vague, yeah.
OK.
I mean, yeah,
there's some really interesting things
here that I'm not going to get into all
of these now.
Yeah.
And we will look more specifically at
interpretations of God and religion and
ideas about that when we get to that
section.
So we're not going to look at that now.
Yes. So somebody says.
So this is quite relevant if the spirit
far surpasses the material body.
There's a spiritual world,
meaning that there are spirits.
Doesn't that mean this is not the first
body my spirit has lived in,
but is another embodiment which will
decay,
allowing it to return from where it.
Came and coming back as a different
person.
So this is kind of something that Plato
says, he says that.
The soul will.
The soul is in the realm of the forms.
But when we die,
our soul might return to the forms,
but then it can come back to a body.
So again there we're getting into like a
little bit of realm of like reincarnation.
But you can have a look at that.
There is a small discussion about that in
the study guide,
so I won't go into it now because we are
really over time,
but very interesting point.
You can go read that and maybe do some of
your own research.
Urgency. What do you think about that?
If you haven't tapped into something you
don't have the raw sensory understanding
of it.
So how's it any form of sensory
experience?
OK.
OK, alright. Yeah,
let me quickly go through these.
Somebody use computer crashed.
Please e-mail me directly.
A lot of chechia.
Are we allowed to give examples we in
supporting our argument?
Yes, if you want to, you absolutely can.
OK.
All right, I don't think.
There's anything else here I need to
attend to specifically?
Nothing seems.
Oh yes you can.
Under forms,
without understanding the allegory of The
Cave,
so the allegory of The Cave is just to
help you get an idea of.
So that's Plato trying to explain.
How he thinks that sort of knowledge
works and our pursuit of knowledge works.
So he provided the allegory of The Cave
as a way to try and increase people's
understanding of how he believes we gain
knowledge.
So if you understand the forms without
that, that's fine,
but at some point you might be asked to
explain a bit about.
What the allegory of The Cave says,
or to explain it.
So there's not a huge discussion about it
in the study guide.
But just having an understanding of it
can make it easier or can make it more
understandable for some people.
OK.
Yes, the about waters H2O.
How does Plato count for 9 facts like
that?
Because it seems like we have to have a
theory of chemistry before we can know
that.
But we can have a theory of chemistry
prior to investigation of the world.
Yeah, it's it's it gets a bit messy.
And again, we need to remember that.
Plato comes from a time in which.
There wasn't.
Yet.
Scientific discovery as such.
So if we think about how Aristotle was
kind of, well,
we had the the Malaysians who sort of
started hinting at some scientific sort
of inquiry. But Plato,
Aristotle is considered sort of the most.
Prominent ancient Greek philosopher
delving into sort of the scientific
method and scientific inquiry.
So we need to remember also the time that
they came from that there wasn't really.
Such scientific inquiry as yet or
scientific thinking as yet,
and again this is some of the the
critique of Plato that comes up that,
you know,
he kind of just makes these assumptions
or makes these.
Claims about the forms and knowledge of
the forms and these things existing and
so you can very much argue if you wanted
to,
that the idea that things only exist in
our minds or for Plato like that,
that knowledge only exists through our
minds or beyond our mind.
Is not.
Really.
Rational or plausible?
So for, you know, like I said,
for you'll see with Aristotle,
he has a different take on it and.
The empiricists believe that we gain
knowledge through experience and sense
experience,
and we have to have those perceptions in
order to develop knowledge so.
It's it's very, you know,
again very good points and things that we
will get into more as we go through this
for now.
Remember you're going to give an overview
of the idea of the forms you want to
explain that. For Plato,
the form of the good was.
The highest good.
At the highest form that illuminated all
the other forms in the pursuit of the
form of the good.
We use our rationality and our reason,
which are sort of our higher level.
Human pursuit.
It's through, you know,
focusing on human desires and experience,
sense experience that we sort of can give
in to less virtuous things.
So he thinks that if we're using our
reason and our rationality and we're
pursuing knowledge of the good that we
can live a virtuous life.
So in that way virtue is dependent on
knowledge.
Because it's the pursuit of knowledge
that.
Allows us or gives us the tools to live a
virtuous life.
Gives us the the temperament,
the characteristics,
the character to live a virtuous life.
OK.
So that's what you will need to focus on
for question 3.
Remember, it's 300 words,
so you can't go wild.
You can't include a whole lot, OK.
Yes, of course.
Yes,
there's knowledge beyond the material
world and that's where Plato was working.
There's both knowledge from experience
and also in this in the real world,
the place it talks about that does make
absolute sense.
But.
Yes, there's a recording of the class,
but for Plato he's a realist.
So for him,
the sensory experience is not important.
OK.
So you will see that as we go through the
module,
there are other philosophers that say
that yes, sensory experience is important.
But we also have knowledge beyond the
material world.
Absolutely. OK. So.
That absolutely makes sense.
But he doesn't.
Plato is not a person who thinks that.
We should focus on sensory experience or
that that's important.
Remember,
he wants us to sort of unburden ourselves
of that and focus on reason and
rationality.
So I know things I don't know because of
ignorance.
Of what's real.
Basically, and it's also,
it's also like you as you study,
you're like, oh, OK.
I know the things that I don't know.
Because I know that I'm ignorant.
So you'll you'll you'll start to sort of
see that.
So yes,
it's it's sort of summed up like that. OK.
I don't want to keep you much any longer.
And I also.
Left a.
Symposium for this class.
So I need to get back to that as well.
So is there anything absolutely urgent
that anyone needs to ask?
Before tomorrow.
OK.
Remember, I'm saying this one last time.
You don't need to submit a page.
That's an honestly declaration.
There is a little box that you click when
you click on assessment one.
A box would come up.
That you click.
You can submit as PDF or word.
You don't need a cover page or a contents
page.
You can have them if you want to.
It's good practice to get to do them,
but you don't have to.
There is no specific format for the
contents page or cover page.
If you want to do them,
just come up with your own format.
Remember you submit on the system,
so your name and student number is
already there.
There is no turn it in for this
assessment.
Turn it in is only for the second
assessment.
Wait, hold on.
Let me just check that before I continue.
Sorry, I you know I've got.
I've got a few modules.
So let me just 100% check.
But as far as I know, for this one no.
So for this assessment,
you're not using turnitin.
So you don't need to worry about tuning
in this time.
You there are external plagiarism
checkers you can use if you're concerned
about that.
Sorry.
But for the second assessment,
there will be turnitin,
OK and then turnitin is built into the
system. So as soon as you submit,
it will well not as soon as you submit
and it goes through,
turn it in and then you get your report.
It can take somet.
A few minutes it can take a few hours.
To get your report.
And I think that's the most important
things I did send out an announcement
where I gave you an example of how to
reference the study guide.
Please also use tutorial letter 301.
There's somebody's mark on.
Yes.
OK,
then I'm going to leave it there for
today.
Because we are almost at 2 hours.
Thank you everybody for joining.
Thank you for the discussions and the
chats.
I can see you putting thought into this
and best of luck with finalising the
assignment.
Please do not stress yourselves too much
about it.
I mean,
I know it's scary to be doing this
assignment and it's different and.
It's a lot of information.
Ation to take in and it's complex,
but please don't like make yourself super
stressed out or like sick over the
assignment, OK?
You'll be OK all right.
Do you remember?
We know your first your first semester.
We do take that into consideration.
I can see most of you are putting in a
lot of hard work. So please, please,
please don't panic.
Alright,
thank you everybody for joining and good
luck with finalizing the assignment.
And please make sure you submit before
the deadline and don't wait until like
10:50 to submit tomorrow because the
system might then give you hassles.
So please submit when you can,
today or tomorrow before the deadline.
All right.
And thank you again for attending.
And I will chat to you next week if you
have any questions,
please send them to me.
Do not send me questions.
Also 10:50 tomorrow night.
Will not be answering them at that stage,
but if you have any questions now or
early tomorrow,
I will try and get back to you as soon as
I can.
OK, everyone.
Thank you and goodbye.